= stockr


Keep your stock up to date with easy bash editing and web view.
Some fancy stuff, oh, and it exports to a bunch of formats too.


== Use

    stockr quantity name package and/or price


    stockr 5 LM358
    > 5x LM358

    stockr -2 LM358
    > 3x LM358

    stockr LM
    > 3x LM358

    stockr 2 LM338 DIP
    stockr 2 LM338 0.50
    stockr 2 LM338 SMD 0.50
    ...


=== Web View

    stockr web

If a navigator windows doesn`t appear, try: http://localhost:4567


=== Part Find

Resistors:

Supposing you got 1k and 220R resistors, when you ask for "500R" we should see:

    2x 1k   Parallel
    2x 220R Serie

Alternatives ICs (TODO)

This will need human linkage? Isn't there a world database for this?

=== Shop List

If stock goes under 1, shows how many of that item we need, so just ask for shop:

    stockr -2 ATMEGA8
    stockr shop
    >2x ATMEGA8


=== Export formats

Export to a bunch of formats (online someday?)

    stockr [format]

Available: txt, csv, pdf, html, xml.


=== Import formats

You can use the txt format as a backup store. And run:

     stockr [file]

To import it.


= PT

== Usar

sudo gem install stockr

(No linux eh soh instalar o ruby e redis e rodar isso)

Como funfa:

    stockr +5 LM358
    stockr +2 LM1117

Dae tu vai, usa um LM em um circ:

    stockr -1 LM1117

Opa, q q eu tenho de lm?

    stockr LM

    > 5x LM358
    > 1x LM1117

Aceita preços também:


    stockr 10 LM7805 0.95
    > 10x LM7805 0.95 (9.50)


=== Shop List

Quando se adiciona peças negativas (stockr -5 LM7805, por exemplo),
ou qdo uma chega em valor negativo, executando:

    stockr shop

É exibida uma listagem de coisas faltando...


=== Interface Web

    stockr web

Se uma janela do navegador não abrir, visite http://localhost:4567


=== Exportar Dados

     stockr [FORMATO]

Exporta seu estoque. FORMATO podendo ser txt, csv, pdf, html.....




== Contributing to stockr

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Marcos Piccinini. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

